<div align="center">

Where is Eleanor Rose?
---

</div>

> [HighConcept_WhereIsEleanorRose_v11.pdf](uploads/c9213be24319715b78bde39592c569d7/HighConcept_WhereIsEleanorRose_v11.pdf)

### Summary

“Where is Eleanor Rose?” is a 2D top-down adventure game, that addresses the 5 stages of grief and takes place inside of the mind of a teenage schoolgirl.

### Tagline

Dive deep into the depths of Georgia Daisy’s mind and help her fight her way to discover the truth about the disappearance of her friend Eleanor Rose.

### Unique Selling Point

-	2D adventure game with game mechanics related to grieving
-	combination of adventure game and visual novel

### Game Focus
**Tactical thinking**

The player can use their ability wherever and whenever to achieve their goal. However, they need to have a sense of timing and placement to get to certain areas or escape from enemies.

### Goals

**Main Goal**

-	Find Eleanor

**Secondary Goals**

-	Bring Embodiments to their goal
-	Solve environment puzzles
-	Transform Minions/Objects

**Other Goals**

-	Die as little as possible

### Features

**Clear Sight – Clear State**

The player can use Clear Sight to change the environment. During the use of Clear
Sight Sight-Points will be reduced – if the player runs out of Sight Points, the Level
restarts. Sight-Points will be regenerated by picking up a **Nazar**.

**The following objects transform in Clear Sight.**

-	**Thorns/Roses**;
Thorns block the way and deal damage if touched. In Clear State they turn into Roses.
-	**Weeds/Tares**;
Weeds are walkable but turn into Tares in Clear State. Tares block the way and deal damage if touched.

**Minions/Personal Objects**

Minions are positioned throughout the level and follow the player. They are fast and attack the player if they are close enough. In Clear State they turn into personal objects that cannot move or deal damage but can be picked up by the player.
 
If the player has picked up an object, they can walk into a field of **Flower Buds** in which the object gets turned into Clear Sight points.
 
10 seconds after picking up the object it turns back into a minion. This process can be stopped by activating Clear Sight.

**Flower Buds**

When a **personal object** is brought into a field of flower buds, the object gets transformed into Clear Sight Points and disappears. The flower buds turn into full grown flowers afterwards and cannot transform any more objects.

**Embodiments**

They represent the four of the five stages of grief: Denial, Anger, Bargaining,
Depression. Embodiments need to be guided to the end of the level. They trigger a
short dialogue upon finding them and after guiding them to their destination.

**User Interface**
1. **Daisies**
     - Show how many lives the player has left, maximum of 3
     - Loses one Daisy if the player takes damage
     - **Daisies can be found and collected to regenerate**
     - If there are no daisies left, the player respawns at the Main Hub
2. **Sight Points**
     - Shows how often or how long u can use Clear Sight
     - If there are no Sight Points left, the level restarts
     - Sight Points can be filled up by picking up a **Nazar**
2. **Picked up Object**
     - Shows the picked-up object
     - Signals when the object turns back into a Minion
     - Countdown can be stopped by activating Clear Sight
3. **Memory Flowers**
     - Shows how much of the story the player has unlocked
     - Will be collected with each transformed Embodiment
     - They represent the Stages Denial, Anger, Bargaining and Depression

**Collectibles:**

-	**Nazar;** 
A Nazar is a blue amulet with an eye in its centre. It fills up the Clear Sight bar upon picking it up.
-	**Daisies;** 
Daisies can be found and collected to regenerate and fill up a life (daisy).

### Player Motivation

The satisfaction for the player lies in solving puzzles - using Clear Sight to change the environment to transform and escape from enemies. After guiding one Embodiment to their destination, the player gets rewarded with cutscenes, exposing more of the backstory.

### Genre

2D Top-Down Adventure Game

### Target Customer

Teens with a preference for story-based adventure games

### Competition

Phantom Hourglass, Spirit Tracks

### Target Hardware

PC

### Design Goals

**Grieving and Loss**

The game should resolve around grieving and the loss of a beloved person. Mechanics, that are too farfetched or do not fit in with this topic/feeling should be avoided.

**Matched symbolism in-game and in cutscenes**

Symbolism, for example characters and setting, should flow naturally between cutscenes and in-game setting. Everything that plays an important role in the animated cutscenes, should also be in-game and the other way around.

(Status: 17-02-2019)
